README.md, before:

# property-tax-group

A property tax analysis application.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm
- PostgreSQL database

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:
   ```bash
   cp env.sample .env
   # Edit .env with your database credentials
   ```

4. Run database migrations:
   ```bash
   npx drizzle-kit migrate
   ```

5. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

## FastAPI Backend Migration

We are migrating the backend from Next.js API routes to FastAPI. The new backend is located in the `/api` folder.

### Running FastAPI Backend

1. Install Python dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Start the FastAPI server:
   ```bash
   uvicorn api.index:app --reload --port 8000
   ```

3. View API documentation at `http://localhost:8000/docs`

### Test the Integration

Visit `http://localhost:3000/hello` to see the integration between Next.js and FastAPI with PostgreSQL database.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 15 (App Router)
- **Backend**: FastAPI (migrating from Next.js API routes)
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **ORM**: Drizzle ORM (Next.js) / SQLAlchemy (FastAPI)
- **UI**: Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui

## Development

- Next.js runs on port 3000
- FastAPI runs on port 8000
- PostgreSQL runs on port 54320 (via Docker)

See `/api/README.md` for more details about the FastAPI backend.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update project structure by removing unused Docker and FastAPI files, enhancing the .gitignore to exclude new API data directories, and adding environment variable configurations for the property API in env.sample and env.vercel.example. Update README to reflect new API integration and configuration requirements. Introduce new test scripts for API integration and improve property data handling in the frontend components.

README.md, after:

# property-tax-group

A property tax analysis application.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm
- PostgreSQL database

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:
   ```bash
   cp env.sample .env
   # Edit .env with your database credentials and API configuration
   ```

4. Run database migrations:
   ```bash
   npx drizzle-kit migrate
   ```

5. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

## FastAPI Backend Migration

We are migrating the backend from Next.js API routes to FastAPI. The new backend is located in the `/api` folder.

### Running FastAPI Backend

1. Install Python dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Start the FastAPI server:
   ```bash
   uvicorn api.index:app --reload --port 8000
   ```

3. View API documentation at `http://localhost:8000/docs`

### Test the Integration

Visit `http://localhost:3000/hello` to see the integration between Next.js and FastAPI with PostgreSQL database.

## Configuration

The application loads property data from an external API service.

### API Configuration

The `PROPERTY_API_BASE_URL` environment variable is **required**:

```bash
# In your .env file
PROPERTY_API_BASE_URL=http://localhost:9000
```

The application will load property data from:
```
{PROPERTY_API_BASE_URL}/api/v1/properties/account/{accountNumber}?include=buildings&include=owners
```

**Note**: The API endpoint is required. If not configured, the application will throw an error.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 15 (App Router)
- **Backend**: FastAPI (migrating from Next.js API routes)
- **Database**: PostgreSQL
- **ORM**: Drizzle ORM (Next.js) / SQLAlchemy (FastAPI)
- **UI**: Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui

## Development

- Next.js runs on port 3000
- FastAPI runs on port 8000
- PostgreSQL runs on port 54320 (via Docker)

See `/api/README.md` for more details about the FastAPI backend.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
